Don't look, don't look.
It turns out you're very open.
All of these photos are there.
What?
Aren t you posting to impress people?
Let everyone enjoy.
Ice cream under the same roof for so many years.
I have a lot of your handles in my hand.
Is the red there?
These pictures were not posted by me.
Someone's setting me up.
Who believes? These pictures were taken at home.
Other than yourself, who else can have it?
At home.
The dream is him.
What happened before was our fault.
But you put up this kind of photo at the airport.
It discredited the entire airline.
No matter how long the performance protects you.
It's also impossible to ignore the life and death of the entire company.
I'll check everything.
Give it back to me.
Also pay us Qin Lam Airlines an innocent one.
This kind of scandal even thought that Qin Lam could continue to stay.
If I were you
No more faces.
Why not face?
I'm just a victim.
To be clear, the person who snatched me in a dark mood.
Those of you who are afraid and want to destroy me.
That's great.
That's right.
I'm with you.